Club Toronto wasn’t the high end [laughing]
of the men’s bathhouses.
It was a wild space.
It smelled like a hamster cage.
Like, every hallway ended in a mirror.
It felt like a maze.
There’s so many stairs at Club Toronto.
Oh, my goodness.
And that was a function of men’s bathhouses
that were more accessible being unwilling
to share space.
Like, we ended up with a Thursday night at
Club Toronto because it’s the slowest night,
and they weren’t making money anyway.
And so, this was a way for them to make money.
But at the places that probably had a steadier
income, or weren’t as reliant on an influx
of cash, were just not interested in sharing
space for a night with women.